You can receive a cash bonus if you enlist depending on the needs of the
Navy. So if we're about to fight a war, or if we're in the middle
of a war, then you can expect that they're trying to increase the size
of the military, and for that then they provide a bonus. If there,
if it's kinda peacetime or if they're downsizing the Navy, then obviously
they offer less. So it's a size shaping tool that the Navy
has to get people to come in and leave. With that said, in most cases
for their advanced jobs, they almost always have some kind of incentive.
It ranges in the amount, but it's there nonetheless. So the amount
that I received, they gave me the choice, they said I could have
$12,000 in cash, you know minus taxes, or you could have a really
big educational bonus. It was $50,000. So I knew I was going to go
to college and I wanted to make sure that I didn't you know like spend
the money early so I said give me the educational bonus at the end.
A lot of people that I knew like I guess the first year I was in
you know, people had new cars they put down payments on like nice musical
equipment and stuff like that. So some other jobs that you could
have that provide bonuses, are obviously a lot of the STEM jobs.
So there's Electrician's Mate, that's not inside the nuclear field but
just regular electricians. There's Fire Controlmen FC's. So those
are the ones who fix like all of the, from the engineering plants up.
That mean's like the top part of the ship, not dealing with the nuclear
side, just from engineering and up you know. They have to be
pretty bright too, so they get bonuses. And Cryptological Technicians
that learn languages, they're the spies, the ones who like listen,
try to find out what foreign people are are up to, they get cash bonuses.
So jobs like that, they're the ones who tend to get the biggest
bonuses.